Hotline League is brought to you by
opened by HP chris is on the show Chris
where you calling from calling from
State College Pennsylvania Pennsylvania
alright and what what's going on in
Pennsylvania not much that's pretty much
what I expected you just saying all
right let's move on what do you want to
talk about on the show tonight so my hot
cake was that that TSM should write a
blank check for meteos points hey a
blank check as greg has been mediocre at
best and his team has been covering his
poor play and that TSM if they want to
get close to what their expectations are
as a team
they need someone like videos in the
jungle are we given up on Mike Young
already is Mike Young done oh my god
apparently TSM gave up on him already
jeez yeah Mike Mike Young is buried out
back
Kelby Calvi I have a question for you in
a world do you think that 100 T went to
TSM and said hey did you want me do some
just to pay us a ton of money because
theoretically from a negotiation
standpoint I you would think if TSM was
interested in medius they could sell him
to TSM for ton of money and then buy
onda for not so much money and really
good otherwise like in this world flight
quest just like acts as a broker for him
and like just cashes in on this trade
essentially I'm inclined to think that I
assume that a a hunter T reached out to
everybody and they probably would reach
out to TSM considering their jungle
situation and that TSM was not
interested or they were not willing to
give anything comparable to this is this
is obviously like pure speculation I
don't have any insight like info on this
but like or that yeah like it it
wouldn't it wouldn't work out I don't
know I just don't see I don't see TSM
and medius
that's not something that I see and I
can't even really put a finger on why
mark yeah I'll tell you why because
meteos
has tweeted numerous times the first
time he retired like what his vision of
a team was it's five guys being friends
old c9 having a great time he's so into
it sometimes has difficulty working with
like mid laners who have a certain style
they want to play the game that revolves
more around themselves all of us the
jensen time TSM is nothing like the team
that meteos has ever described as being
the type of team he wants to play on TSM
is like the all-business fucking like
we're here to win personal opinions and
feelings come second kind of thing
culture fit wise that's like a huge
mismatch between meteos and TSM now I do
think meteos is better than Greg I think
Greg's been fine I think he's good I
think you know that's my be here looks
grig yeah you got as much out of Greg
right now as you would have liked in an
optimistic way hopes for he's been good
not great meteos I think is better but I
don't think the culture fit will work
and I don't even know what medius wants
that or if TSM wants that because I
don't think TSM would be interested if
there is a culture problem yeah any
follow-ups Chris well medias also says
that he wants to be in a team where's a
starter so way depends on what he's
going to give up well but that opens up
the options to nine different teams
rather than TSM right yeah and if he's
saying that like I don't I just want to
be a starter I don't really want to like
battle for the spot do you think that
sounds good to TSM who is this team that
probably has this set way of doing
things and like yeah I don't I don't
think that that sounds appealing to them
when they're four and two and Greg's
doing okay it's like I don't know
yeah TSM has been pretty open about
their culture of having you know subs
keep pressure on the starters or the
economy guys keep pressure on the
starters yeah I mean the assistants seem
to be super and it's interesting I like
the idea of meteos on TSM I think that
sounds fun right
oh me too I would
would love from like a league
perspective and even some ways a
gameplay perspective I just don't think
it works in reality yeah Chris any other
thoughts yeah well just like TSM their
goal is worlds like that's the bare
minimum expectation for them and they
want international performance that's
why they booty their entire last Ross I
don't see Greg who's he's okay but like
so far he hasn't shown up on anything
other than my tink supportive junglers
and he's uh he's like he's not popping
off or anything he's just he's there
he's smiting camps it's my parents
pretty good actually but he's not doing
anything amazing and if he want this and
wants to do something they good people
in all five petitions instead of four
good and then one okay urea country I I
think Chris that's an interesting point
Kelby and Mark question for you where do
you think media should go if not TSM I'm
kind of I'm kind of warming up to this
TSM media site me more Chris sorry go
ahead mark or you gonna say is it the
idea that like listen worlds is all that
matters like let's sell our culture
short a little bit here to like get what
we think it will be a better
international team I just think that
what TSM has been doing up to this point
is not working for them clearly and like
medias is definitely like I don't know
you're injecting something more volatile
I guess you would say into your your
system but maybe that's I don't know
maybe that's what you need to kind of do
like a reset and like a and like a
revamp on on what's going on there Greg
and Mike Young come into these teams and
I have no doubt that they feel like
pretty scared and like pressured which
is I I mean I dealt with it before with
rosters where you have you know like a
new player come into an organization
even if they're very very talented when
you have the weight of these names
around you it's like you know you're
kind of a little bit sheepish and stuff
you have medias come in you know he's
a very aggressive unique player I think
the TSM fanbase really gets attached to
his personality and like he's a he's
great for TSM fans and like I can
imagine you know like if that team is
successful how he blends he blends in so
well to their narrative you probably and
like maybe maybe Andy and like this
roster is like the guys who can go to
medias and he can command enough respect
with him to say like hey it's gonna be a
little bit different than what you're
used to
it's gonna be a little bit different for
us than what we're used to but we're
willing to give it a shot the peace
treatment yeah let's let's let's let's
try it together let's see how it works
you know
I don't know what's I think you know
what i think i think TSM should write a
blank check I don't know about a blank
check but uh like I don't know I'm kind
of I'm kind of interested now all right
now what do you think about what I said
mark I mean like I'm definitely
interested like I said like the idea of
TSM medias it's just like we already
like kind of like cross the like
unspeakable lines once already with CLG
doublelift on there like c9 meteos on
TSM Z let's try it again
like I just don't I don't know if you
like TSA what are all of tsm's former
junglers it was like mentorians and
amazing yeah okay so other than amazing
I feel like all the people they have in
that role are like kind of quieter nicer
guys that are probably going to play
second fiddle to bjergsen yeah what if
you just say fuck it we're adding like
these two caustic substances together
yeah we're just gonna like let's go
therefore into their doing okay no I
know they're doing fine that's why I say
you like you gotta be but are they but
thank you mark with this roster isn't it
very likely that they
could potentially like if they sneak
their way to worlds they just losing
groups agent and like it's the same
thing over again
is it better to risk like creating
flipping the coin and to give yourself
perhaps like the crazy we all hate each
other behind the scenes roster you let's
make it to semis or finals or something
than it is though like the are you guys
we snuck onto group stage oh no we got
beat by a Korean team in a Chinese team
yeah yeah so I agree on that level
especially since they've kind of already
done that from a perspective of like we
kicked double F and bio frost for smithy
because we want to better international
performance and then you look at Greg
and you're like is this the guy so I
agree on that level thing is the
problems that CSM were having before
reportedly was like too many cooks in
the kitchen with myth E and B Ericsson
and song and haunts are all loving like
different ideas on how to play the game
and like then you're saying well what we
really need is another voice to share
their opinion like I agree if you look
at the potential positive it just look
really good that's a good it looks great
I love the sound of it but like the
reality still sketches me out but if it
works so so so mark you would you would
stick with Greg over medias my GM mode
no repercussions mine would be like
Bucky I'm writing a check for medias my
like real world day-to-day three months
I need to work with this potential that
I'm setting myself up for us like yeah I
think I think you go I think you have to
have a conversation with me yes and be
like hey I know that you don't want this
but we need you to be okay with are you
sure you wouldn't want it wait we're
sure we think that media you turn down
to us out no I'm just saying that let me
finish my pitch all right I I know that
you want to have a guaranteed starter
spot but you know we need to integrate
you into the culture we need to have you
split time with Greg and show us that it
works and we'll work with you
- and this is much would you rather do
this Saint would you rather do this
scenario with fly quest or would you
rather do this scenario with TSM I mean
that's that's an easy as well yeah but
you're kind of you know why quest da
fuck do you assume yeah of course yeah
that's I only got Dr Pepper over there
they don't have the world niggas candy
bar yeah how do you want to get your
sugar Chris listen you're not drinking
diet dr. pepper Chris you are a speaker
for our generation the arguments and
speech that you gave us has convinced
all of us except for mark that we we
want TSM medias we're on board to mark
Kimmy out already has one superstar k da
ad carry's ven why not get the superstar
Katy jungler
because two heads and two carries better
than one right
yeah and then we can run then and mithy
with a funnel comp and we need to put
bjergsen Amedeo stay on the bot lane I
don't know it's I don't know that's all
I have to say doesn't sound like a very
convincing argument it gives it really
cool and sometimes it's better to be
cool than good
no I don't think so I think sent happen
I mean I think it probably won't happen
but shifting in the way of cool than
good for me alright Chris thank you for
your call
that's an interesting call thank you for
that it's fun I got Twitter I got two
out of three convinced and I thought
that I need that counts as a win all
right
yeah bye